# Explanation

## Why I created this library
This started off as a substitute to The Rumble Bot by Henry. I don't remember exactly why I wanted this, other than that I don't like using online services when I can help it. Not that they're inherently bad or anything, I just like not relying on the internet or a third party, since I grew up without it. I learned the stark difference between having to connect to an outside service, even a free one, and being able to do things on your own machine with no service charge or ads. I also like understanding how something works, and The Rumble Bot is proprietary, so my tinkering dissasemble-the-toy-and-put-it-back-together desire played a part. Right now, it seems like most of the things Rumble Chat Actor can do, other services can do more simply (RumBot, StreamBot, etc), but they remain proprietary, strictly online, or both. I mainly build it for my own sake; to learn how to make this stuff almost more than to use it.

## Example use cases
The big advantage or Rumble Chat Actor is that it's not a boxed-up app, but a framework. While the script for setting up basic commands and actions could be fairly simple, you can also make them as complex as you like. Basically anything Python can do, a Rumble Chat Actor command can. It is not sandboxed at all. You could signal a Raspberry Pi to switch on solid-state relays to a 13.8V power supply and honk a car horn, change some file on your PC to switch around how the game your playing works, or do more complex interactions with OBS via it's WebSocket interface. It's more suited to the super custom commander than the average everyday game streamer. I am also at this time still supporting operation by a third party, such as your moderator, in case you don't have enough horsepower or something.

# Solo Deo Gloria.
